Jfrog Artifactory Home Assignment

Hi Kobi
As discussed, please find below the home assignment:
Instance URL - https://interviewkobil.jfrog.io/ui/login

First Step to get a Working Artifactory Instance, it's on us, so you will find the Instance details at the top of this email.

Note: You may refer to this Webinar ( https://jfrog.com/webinar/introduction-to-jfrog-artifactory-2/) for an introduction
to JFrog Artifactory before completing the following task:

You have a demo meeting with one of your customers, and they have shared with you the following needs:
1. Creating one Maven & one Generic repository that will serve two new teams for the artifact deployment.
2. Each team should have a manager who can add/remove users to the repository.
3. Each team has 2 developers who will need the following:
Download any Artifact or File from Maven Remote Repository (Proxy URL https://repo1.maven.org/
maven2/) using CURL / UI
Upload downloaded Maven Artifact / Package to Local Storage of Generic Repository using CURL / UI
You should be able to fetch deployed artifacts from Genric.
Need a single URL for both resolution and deployment.

Using CURL will add BONUS points

1. Each of the teams should not be aware of the other team’s private build output (artifacts/files). This is applicable on Generic Repository. Hint - Read this page.
2. Both teams should use the same repository to store their artifacts (deployments of files).
3. In the local storage repository, there should be a joint location where both teams can share artifacts between
the two teams (like a “shared folder”).

BONUS question - You are an automation engineer who needs to create a script that will answer 1-6.

Please note!
The meeting will be held as if you are representing JFrog and demoing to a customer.
You will demonstrate the above steps + have a quick presentation explaining the JFrog Artifactory Permissions model
and how they can use it for their needs above.
Be ready for any other questions around the Artifactory Application.


